Update documentation for Getting Started with data migration (#9030)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/deploying-migration-assistant/getting-started-data-migration.md

* Verify that your migration path [is supported]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/migration-assistant/is-migration-assistant-right-for-you/#migration-paths). Note that we test with the exact versions specified, but you should be able to migrate data on alternative minor versions as long as the major version is supported.
* The source cluster must be deployed Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) plugin.
* The target cluster must be deployed.

> * Verify that the CDKToolkit Stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. Refer to [this documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html) on how to bootstrap your AWS account in the required AWS Region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that the `CDKToolkit` stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. For more information about  on how to bootstrap your AWS account in the required AWS Region, see [the CDKTooklit documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html).
```

> * Verify that the `CDKToolkit` stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. For more information about on how to bootstrap your AWS account in the required AWS Region, see [the CDKTooklit documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify that the `CDKToolkit` stack exists and is set to `CREATE_COMPLETE`. For more information about how to bootstrap your AWS account in the required AWS Region, see [the CDKToolkit documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/getting_started.html).
```

    {% include copy.html %}

3. Name the policy, for example, `SSM-OSMigrationBootstrapAccess`, and then create the policy by selecting **Create policy**.

> 4. Attach the newly created policy to your EC2 instance's IAM Role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Attach the newly created policy to your EC2 instance's IAM role.
```

> 4. Attach this newly created policy to your EC2 instance's IAM Role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Attach the newly created policy to your EC2 instance's IAM Role.
```

## Step 4: Configure and deploy RFS (~20 minutes)

Use the following steps to configure and deploy RFS, deploy Migration Assistant and verify installation of required stacks:

> 1. Add the source and target cluster password as separate Secrets to AWS Secrets Manager as an unstructured string. Be sure to copy the secret Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for use during deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the source and target cluster password as separate **Secrets** in the [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html) as an unstructured string. Be sure to copy the secret Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for use during deployment.
```

## Step 4: Configure and deploy RFS (~20 minutes)

> To deploy migration assistant with RFS, the following stacks must be deployed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy Migration Assistant with RFS, the following stacks must be deployed:
```

These commands deploy the following stacks:

* `Migration Assistant network` stack
* `RFS` stack
* `Migration console` stack

> Use the following steps to configure and deploy RFS, deploy Migration Assistant and verify installation of required stacks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to configure and deploy RFS, deploy Migration Assistant, and verify installation of the required stacks:
```

> 1. Add the source and target cluster password as separate **Secrets** in the [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html) as an unstructured string. Be sure to copy the secret Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for use during deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the source and target cluster password as separate **Secrets** in [AWS Secrets Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html) as an unstructured string. Be sure to copy the secret Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for use during deployment.
```

    ```
    {% include copy.html %}

> 4. Deploy Migration Assistant and required stacks when `cdk.context.json` is fully configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Deploy Migration Assistant and any required stacks when `cdk.context.json` is fully configured:
```

> 4. Deploy Migration Assistant and any required stacks when `cdk.context.json` is fully configured:

Author: Agreed to the substep 4 causing confusion. My suggestion here would be to change the phrasing in such a manner : 

substep 2 : "From the same shell as the Bootstrap instance, modify the cdk.context.json file located in the /opensearch-migrations/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration directory. Configure all necessary parameters in this file."

substep 3 : "Bootstrap the account and deploy the required stacks:"

substep 4 : "Deploy Migration Assistant:"

this will make sure that any user/customer completes setting up/configuring their `cdk.context.json` file in substep 2 itself. Substep 3 and Substep 4 assumes that this cdk.context.json file has already been configured in substep 2.

    ```bash
    cdk deploy "*" --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 5
    ```
    {% include copy.html %}
    
These commands deploy the following stacks:
* Migration Assistant network stack
* `Reindex-from-snapshot` stack

> * Migration console stack

Reviewer: I'll fix this one.

    The source and target cluster authorization can be configured to have no authorization, `basic` with a username and password, or `sigv4`. 

3. After the `cdk.context.json` file is fully configured, bootstrap the account and deploy the required stacks using the following command:

    ```bash
    cdk bootstrap --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never 
    ```
    {% include copy.html %}

4. Deploy Migration Assistant using the following command:

    ```bash
    cdk deploy "*" --c contextId=migration-assistant --require-approval never --concurrency 5
    ```
    {% include copy.html %}
    

> 5. Verify from the same bootstrap instance shell that all CloudFormation stacks were installed successfully:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. From the same Bootstrap instance shell, verify that all CloudFormation stacks were installed successfully:
```

    ```bash
    aws cloudformation list-stacks --query "StackSummaries[?StackStatus!='DELETE_COMPLETE'].[StackName,StackStatus]" --output table
    ```
    {% include copy.html %}
    

> You should receive a similar output for your region:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should receive a similar output for your Region:
```
